so with this being the penultimate
episode we're certainly in for another
great one this weekend there's a few
storylines and story arcs that they've
been building over the last episode or
two and one of them is with jukebox we
saw nicole's death in episode seven but
we haven't seen jukebox read the letter
that was left for her we're gonna
continue seeing nicole's mom going after
jukebox and there are a few images that
have been released for episode nine and
we're going to be discussing them and
breaking down these new images as we run
through this video but she's also going
to be meeting detective burke as we all
know from the trailer and hopefully we
see this confrontation with marvin which
i'm going to get to when i speak about
jukebox's story arc we're going to see
lulu in hospital and marvin on a
complete rampage after he tries to make
an amends with raqqael and there's going
to be this whole issue with detective
howard raquel and kanan and will kanan
finally learn the truth so we're going
to be looking at all of these storylines
along with the synopsis for episode 9 in
this preview predictions video but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscriber and if
you want to see everything power book 3
and power universe related let's start
with the synopsis for episode 9 which
reads as lu recovers in hospital marvin
seeks revenge feeling the pressure
racked hands to kanan to take out the
biggest threat to their family so that's
the synopsis which straightaway tells us
that louie is going to survive the fire
which i would say 90 of us knew that he
was going to survive anyway and not
finishing the job on lu was a huge
mistake for morel and he's definitely
going to have marvin out for revenge in
episode nine now the actor did tease
himself that he was dead but he was
definitely just playing with us all so
we're gonna see him recovering and this
will probably put lou out for this week
and maybe even next week's episode as
well because i'm sure episode 10 will
pretty much kick off from whatever
happens at the end of episode 9 and lou
is gonna take some time to recover
scrappy has also been out of action for
a while as well but i think we're going
to see him back either this week or next
week but with lou this is really going
to change him and the direction his
character goes in at the beginning of
next season and i'm sure as jessica is
there in the hospital by his side she's
gonna be in his mind about him leaving
the game and that side of the world
behind him and she's concentrating on
his music label which they've already
foreshadowed to happen with the deal
that he forced crown into in the last
episode but we all know leaving the game
isn't as simple as it sounds and ghost
is a perfect example of one of the best
ending up dead trying to leave the game
we still need to see him mentor kanan
and i'm sure this is something we're
going to see in season 2. this season
we've seen marvin mentor kanan more than
lou has and we're going to continue
seeing more of the same in episode 9 and
before raising cadence started some of
you will remember i said marvin is going
to be the one to show kanan how to clean
a gun it was an interview that the actor
london brown gave and mentioned that
he's going to show kanan the ropes in
the first season and this is what we're
going to continue to see in episode 9
marvin is going to show kane and how to
take apart a gun and how to clean it
just like we see in this image so this
mentoring is going to continue in the
next episode with marvin and kanan
especially because he's going to have to
step up and deal with a threat i'm gonna
get to that part of the synopsis after
i'm done talking about marvin and we
really are gonna see marvin really
coming for revenge this week he's gonna
be a man on a mission to not only seek
revenge for lou but also redeem himself
and show rack and do what he can really
do because he has messed up a few times
this season no doubt he has but raki's
gonna have to start trusting him a bit
more in the coming episode we see her
putting her fists out to marvin and this
is a conversation between the two where
she really needs to start backing him
trusting him a bit more and telling him
look you wanted to do the gangster [ __ ]
because you're a gangster well now's
your time and this is exactly what we're
going to see marvin do with this episode
he's going to take it to unique and hit
him back and i'm sure he's going to drop
a body or two in the process but it's
going to be hard to hit unique he's very
well protected with his bulletproof car
that he has and he also has power in
numbers so i do think racquel and marvin
will need help and they may even seek
help from joaquin and his men in this
episode i'm going to come back to marvin
when i talk about jukebox because their
relationship really will start to take a
turn in my opinion but sticking with the
synopsis of the episode the final part
is rak turning to kanan to take out the
biggest threat to their family and i
went through all of the threats that
raquel kanan and the thomas family have
at the moment there's detective howard
rob tony davina and younique so who is
going to ask kanan to deal with for me
some of two people is either detective
howard or little rob and we're not going
to dive deep on each of the other
characters because this is something i
did on thursday i'm going to link the
video down below for those who haven't
seen it but i think with li rob's
stitching arcade he definitely has to go
so here's one of my death predictions
going into episode 9 it's just a matter
of who kills him and whether he's the
threat that rak wants kanan to deal with
whether it's detective howard because it
would make sense if he is howard and
that was the threat that rocket last
kenya to deal with because he's a threat
to raquel and kanan especially she
doesn't want the streets knowing that
she was [ __ ] a cop and she definitely
kanan is a son of a cop either it would
also make sense as to why kaiden saw to
rican himself he stopped short of just
pulling the trigger on tariq in breezy's
old apartment when he said that he hated
his father ghost and they have a lot of
things in common and killing their
fathers may just be something else they
have in common especially because
detective howard would never see it
coming from kanan and these are a few
images of rack and kanan and with kanan
she really is gonna have to lean on him
and ask him for help in this episode
especially with lulu and scrappy out
rocky's gonna have to trust kanan just
like she's gonna have to trust marvin
but she's gonna have to trust kanan in
taking out the biggest threat to their
family and will kanan get the job done
that's the question will kanan manage to
eliminate the threat but coming away
from the synopsis something i'm excited
to see is this relationship with lack of
relationship between marvin and jukebox
throughout the season we've seen this
awkwardness between them and even in
episode six lou told marvin try and be a
better father to your daughter if you
can see past your nose and we've seen
him snooping around jukeboxes things
before so i really wouldn't be surprised
if we see him snooping through duke's
room again and finding some pictures of
her and nicole or even the videotape of
her and nicole singing now the trailer
seemed as if joe had a bruise on her
face so i wonder whether she does get
into a bus stop with marvin and whether
we see them having this talk about why
there's such a disconnect between the
two could we even hear about marvin
opening up to duke about the past and
who our moms is because we know that
she's someone that's going to be
introduced in season 2. so this is
something i really hope we see because
it's something else that the actor
london brown who plays marvin teased
before the season even started he said
there's going to be a major scene where
marvin and jukebox finally have their
talk about why there's such a disconnect
between the two and marvin has to come
to reality with this as she confronts
him and he confronts her so hopefully
this is the episode where we see this
confrontation between the two characters
because it's going to give us a bit more
understanding of why jukebox became the
character she did and even though we
started to piece some of the puzzle
together about her character already
this is going to give us more of duke's
story but we're also going to see duke
where nicole's note that she left
something that she found in the last
episode when she was at nicole's house
but we never saw her reading what she
wrote so i'm sure this is something that
we'll see in episode 9 and while jukebox
is devastated with the death of nicole
on the other side we're going to see
nicole's mom again this time at the
precinct and no doubt probably blaming
jukebox for the death of nicole once
again just like we saw in the last
episode and then we have the storyline
between detective burke and jukebox as
well we saw them in the trailer where
jukebox said that all the cops are in
danger and she just doesn't want to see
anybody else getting her and i do wonder
whether this is a wider plan from raquel
just like how she has a position for
kanan taking out the biggest threat to
the family which she speak to duke and
ask her to play a position for her as
well and that's getting into the police
force with the use of detective berg
which she actually tell berg that her
and the cops are in danger because they
really are in danger i really hope they
don't paint duke to be a snitch so i
really do hope it is a part of raka's
master plan but only time will tell but
those are the main storylines going into
episode 9 and breaking down the synopsis
for the next episode now someone who we
didn't touch on in this video was davina
because she's been taken into foster
care so i don't know whether we'll see
this plane apart again this season or
whether this is something that we're
gonna see going into season two but
those are the latest images from episode
nine and what we can expect and i'm
excited to see marvin's rampage and
whether we see this confrontation
between marvin and duke despite
everything else that's going on this is
really one thing i'm looking forward to
seeing if it does happen this episode
but let me know what you guys think down
below in the comment section drop all
your predictions and theories down below
and of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
then remember to smash the subscribe
button if you don't see everything power
book 3 and power universe related but as
always thank you guys for watching and
i'll see you
next time